hey everybody Maidan fan here make
another video with my phone this is the
video it's gonna be the update to my
battle jacket I've been talking about I
got everything together finally and I
sat down for the last like seven or
eight hours and just move things around
added things and here we go so this is
the the front after my update so I guess
I'm going to start in the top left
so the collar is the same overkill
candle mats but this shoulder I move my
gamma bomb from over here when it was
like sideways but look there and my
Exodus bonded by blood used to be on the
bottom over here and that was also
crooked and moved that up there as well
and I think that looks a lot better and
I used to have a nuclear assault cloth
patch that was kind of coming apart but
I'm going to move that to my backpack my
thrash metal patch used to be on this
pocket all my buttons used to be on this
pocket and I switched them because when
I'm wearing like a backpack or something
the strap gets caught on the buttons and
actually broke my battery button so now
I'm down a button and this is all I've
got over here now
well I added that I saved the Twinkie
patch cuz I like Twinkies and I was sad
and they were gone and then I tried this
new stitching where it kind of comes
over and kind of goes all over and I can
like it I'm I added this Megadeth
killing is my business and broidered
patch this is the only one I've ever
seen and I got that off of t-shirt
Slayer from thrashing death so thank you
again for that and this is the only one
I've ever seen and so it's cool that I
have it um down here I did a lot of work
I this guy creator Pacific L used to be
here and I had like a Sodom patch here
and bonded by blood was over here so now
I've got Nuclear Assault the plague it's
a sublimation print mortal sin my
hammock destruction and Slayer live
undead I'm moving over I have a Sodom
agent orange strip and I moved my
bunting by blood logo like I said and
then Metallica creaking death
where I did that funky cross-stitching
again I didn't have any thread that
matched the color so I just used white
to go with the shiny parts of it because
it's it's got that metallic shiny thing
going on I don't know if you can see
that and then this all kind of remained
the same I already talked about the
buttons and I moved my rainbow patch
that was down with the Sodom one is up
there replacing my cloth iron maiden
path it's also going to be going onto my
backpack soon see the back I did a lot
of work on tube so if you remember my
jacket used to have studs like this all
around the patches but those are big
printed patches and so they weren't
going to bend and all that with the
studs around them and I just have cheap
studs right now and they kind of distort
the patches but anyways so I bet that so
I've got Candlemas epic doom metal King
Diamond Abigail I just have a printed
one of this but now I have a woven one
death the sound of perseverance that's
woven Halloween walls of Jericho another
replacement just like the King Diamond
one merciful fate don't break it off and
then tank tank is a new wave of British
heavy metal band that I recently
discovered and so I found a patch of
theirs and I just kind of had to have
that so uh these six woven patches and
then the Nuclear Assault mortal sin live
undead and Sodom Agent Orange all came
from a German mail-order site who was
recommending me from someone on t-shirts
layer called myself and I said isn't
metal be Rosa or whatever it translates
some metal exchange it's a it's a
mail-order website that's based out of
Germany and so they have a lot of really
cool stuff where I see it go for sale
here and it's expensive and you can get
pretty cheap from there so but if you
buy a lot and all that shipping is low
because you're buying a lot so that's
about oh and then I got like I said in
another video that I got this in a trade
on t-shirts layer so yeah I'm getting
cool stuff on t-shirts layer good right
and Asians so this is pretty much how my
jacket is going to stay I'm not going to
be changing too much in the foreseeable
future other than if I can find some
small patches or buttons and stuff I
might or maybe even put studs in these
open spaces on the front so yeah that's
pretty much it if I ever change anything
I might just include it in another video
but this is this is pretty much how it's
going to stay for a good long while I
don't think we're going to do much to it
so let me know in the comments what you
think of my changes in additions
and well that's that's really about it
thanks
stay brutal